In the couple of last lectures we've seen how we can validate the input from the user that is being
sent through the forum.
And also we've seen how we can simplify the validation by using the forum requests.
So when we get to the store method the store action we can immediately assume that we have the valid
data here.
Now let's see another example.
And another useful feature flown from Lara.
So imagine that you wrote something and it is incorrect but you would like to keep this data inside
the forum.
When redirect happens after repress create.
In this case we see that the title has to be at least five characters and the content has to be at least
10.
So let's write something like hey and content something that is less than the minimum required for title
and content.
So to give the user a chance to fix whatever he has written if you will press create it just gets lost.
So there is a way we can handle that in Lavell and it is called the old helper.
So when the data is being sent it is being flashed and is incorrect so invalid it is being flashed to
the session.
So we talked about flushing to the session before it happens ultimately with errors for example when
the validator will encounter any errors it will flash it to their errors variable that is that is then
accessible throughout all your blade templates so the same happens with input.
Now if you will go to the create blade BHP file you can specify.
Additionally value and the value would be the result of the old helper method and its only parameter
would be the field name.
So the old title and for the content will use the old helper with the content value.
So the good thing about this old helper is that you can use it whenever you need to.
So sometimes you might not want to use it for example for passwords or any sensitive data.
But in this case it's safe to let users correct whatever they have typed like the blog post title and
the content.
So let's save the changes and see what we get.
So let's type the title and the content now press create and you can see that if we have invalid fields
or both are invited in this case but we still give users the chance to fix this and send the correct
values.